---
layout: post
title: Blogs, etc.
cover: https://i.imgur.com/Wu598i4.jpg
date:   2018-06-07 13:47:00
categories: posts
---

## Whattuuuuup
Hi, I'm Brandon and this is my blog. Tbh I hate blogs; I feel like most articles are written too similarily about lame topics. "Top 10 Ways to Enjoy College!" "5 Things Every Intern Should Know!" "Top 4 Best Hentai Sites, You Won't Believe #2!" It's so bland, dull. This is a place for me. Gives me something to do instead of swiping on Tinder or watching Bojack (only on s2 if you spoil it i'll detox you).

First, who am I? My name is Brandon Dcruz and I'm a writer, musician, composer, web developer, comedian, filmmaker, poet, and now, blogger. I'm 19 and a third year at RIT. I produce music as Altona Meadows, named after my hometown in Australia. I've been published in Signatures Art and Literary Magazine and some of my film compositions are shown nationwide at festivals. I started a record label called The Reading Room but abandoned it for various reasons. I gave a TEDx talk on my depression, art, and dance moves. I'm usually at a coffee shop or record store, scrolling through snapchat filters or scribbling in my pocket journal. I love Destroyer, Gregory Alan Isakov, James Blake, Stanley Kubrick movies, black coffee, and bright colors.

So that's me. This blog will probably cover topics such as art, social media, love, hate, I dunno whatever I want. Fingers crossed I don't abandon this, I have a nasty habit of starting things and forgetting them in a few days.

Peace :)
